OBSDOCS-460: Clean up about page and old references (#66606)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-architecture-overview.adoc

[id="logging-architecture-overview_{context}"]
= Logging architecture

The major components of the {logging} are:

> Collector:: The collector is a daemonset that deploys pods to each {product-title} node. It collects log data from each node, transforms the data, and forwards it to configured outputs. The recommended collector implementation is the Vector collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collector:: The collector is a daemonset that deploys pods on each {product-title} node. It collects log data from each node, transforms the data, and forwards it to configured outputs. Use the Vector collector as the collector implementation.
```

+
--
include::snippets/logging-fluentd-dep-snip.adoc[]
--

> Log store:: The log store stores log data for analysis, and is the default output for the log forwarder. You can use the default LokiStack log store, the legacy Elasticsearch log store, or forward logs to additional external log stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log store:: The log store stores log data for analysis and is the default output for the log forwarder. You can use the default LokiStack log store, the legacy Elasticsearch log store, or forward logs to additional external log stores.
```

+
--
include::snippets/logging-elastic-dep-snip.adoc[]
--

> Visualization:: You can use a UI component to view a visual representation of your log data. The UI provides a graphical interface for searching, querying, and viewing stored logs, as well as dashboards created using aggregated log data from your cluster. The recommended UI is provided by enabling the {product-title} console plugin, but you can also use Kibana.

Reviewer 2: Console does not support dashboards and I don't know if that is a future feature, but we should strike that from the verbiage or some how associate it with "kibana"

> Visualization:: You can use a UI component to view a visual representation of your log data. The UI provides a graphical interface for searching, querying, and viewing stored logs, as well as dashboards created using aggregated log data from your cluster. The recommended UI is provided by enabling the {product-title} console plugin, but you can also use Kibana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualization:: You can use a UI component to view a visual representation of your log data. The UI provides a graphical interface to search, query, and view stored logs, as well as dashboards created from your cluster's aggregated log data. Enable the {product-title} console plugin, but you can also use Kibana.
```

[id="logging-architecture-overview_{context}"]
= Logging architecture

The major components of the {logging} are:

Collector:: The collector is a daemonset that deploys pods to each {product-title} node. It collects log data from each node, transforms the data, and forwards it to configured outputs. You can use the Vector collector or the legacy Fluentd collector.
+
--
include::snippets/logging-fluentd-dep-snip.adoc[]
--

Log store:: The log store stores log data for analysis and is the default output for the log forwarder. You can use the default LokiStack log store, the legacy Elasticsearch log store, or forward logs to additional external log stores.
+
--
include::snippets/logging-elastic-dep-snip.adoc[]
--

> Visualization:: You can use a UI component to view a visual representation of your log data. The UI provides a graphical interface to search, query, and view stored logs. The {product-title} web console UI is provided by enabling the {product-title} console plugin, but you can also use Kibana.

Reviewer 3: you have to use Kibana  to show data on elasticsearch. You can not use kibana for Lokistack.

When lokistack is the default storage, the {product-title} web console UI is provided by enabling the {product-title} console plugin
When elasticsearch is used as default storage,  You have to use Kibana.

+
--
include::snippets/logging-kibana-dep-snip.adoc[]
--

The {logging-title} collects container logs and node logs. These are categorized into types:

Application logs:: Container logs generated by user applications running in the cluster, except infrastructure container applications.

Infrastructure logs:: Container logs generated by infrastructure namespaces: `openshift*`, `kube*`, or `default`, as well as journald messages from nodes.

> Audit logs:: Logs generated by auditd, the node audit system, which are stored in the */var/log/audit/audit.log* file, and logs from the `auditd`, `kube-apiserver`, `openshift-apiserver` projects, as well as the `ovn` project if enabled.

Reviewer 3: and audit logs from the `auditd`, `kube-apiserver`, `openshift-apiserver` services. (It is better to replace projects with services.)

* `audit` - Logs generated by auditd, the node audit system, which are stored in the */var/log/audit/audit.log* file, and logs from the `auditd`, `kube-apiserver`, `openshift-apiserver` projects, as well as the `ovn` project if enabled.

> System and infrastructure logs are generated by journald log messages from the operating system, the container runtime, and {product-title}.

Reviewer 2: Infrastructure from a logging perspective are:

* journald message from the node (OS logs)
* container logs from the infra NS (default, kube*,openshift*). 

We may not want to explicitly define the list of NS but we should at least note that some "infrastructure" logs are container workloads that come from "infrastructure" namespaces.

Author: Decided to make some additional updates to the infra bit based on your and @JoaoBraveCoding's suggestions, thank you 😄 let me know if that's better 🙏🏻

> System and infrastructure logs are generated by journald log messages from the operating system, the container runtime, and {product-title}.

Reviewer 4: Also in the `infrastructure` bullet, what do you think of... I changed the beginning part to illustrate better that `infrastructure` logs are comprised of logs from two sources. If you feel it's more confusing just ignore this suggestion.

```
* `infrastructure` - Logs generated by both infrastructure components running on the cluster and by {product-title} nodes, such as journald logs. Infrastructure components are pods that run in the `openshift*`, `kube*`, or `default` projects.
```

> System and infrastructure logs are generated by journald log messages from the operating system, the container runtime, and {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Journald log messages from the operating system, container runtime, and {product-title} generate system and infrastructure logs.
```

Reviewer: not sure if the technical meaning changes here.

Author: Updated and removed this section anyway
